Update GCP Private Link DNS Zone name to Response Policy Zone (#367)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/secure-connections.adoc

====
To access Bloom and Browser over a VPN, you must ensure that:

> * You have setup https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/zones/manage-response-policies[GCP Response Policy Zone], or an equivalent DNS service, inside of the VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have set up link:https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/zones/manage-response-policies[GCP Response Policy Zone], or an equivalent DNS service, inside of the VPC.
```
